We need to pick a license. The warning in the README isn't as strong as I would
like it to be.

Fix/remove all TODOs found in source files.

TODO should have actual TODO things in it.

Move non-main functions out of src/jail ?

We're using the return value of the Cursor's move functions to see if we
should try to scroll or not, however this has caused a dirty hack to be
implemented when we are merely moving down into a line shorter than where the
cursor was previously, in which we should not scroll. Is there a better way?

FileIO's write function, which is used through Buffer (which is obtained
through a Controller's view's getBuffer function, yay indirection!) is a
horrible hack. It most likely invalidates all assumed state. I don't know what
happens if you use it more than once. Or try to read from the FileIO
afterward. Yay!

Finish up src/keymap. This involves solidifying the configuration format a
bit, and deciding what is and is not a pre-defined function. I have some
ideas/work for this, it will come soon.

CodeBlock says the config format looks a lot like the ini format. Looking at
the page he links, it does. If jail ever becomes a "let's make the best
program possible" project and not a "let's learn everything we can" project,
the lib/datamap implementation should probably be replaced with a "real" lib.
Honestly at this point the code is so simple it would be hard to screw up
(*crosses fingers*).

With the advent of keymap::, Controller's purpose has become kind of fuzzy.
Now it is more of a bridge between a few components. Is it possible to move
this into main, or somewhere else it would fit better?

Now that we keep around dead commands under normal cirmustances, things like
<bspace> don't work well, as they appear after a bunch of non-command things.
The global check-last is intended to fix this, but there is probably a better
way that is more consistent with everything else. Think about it.

